clarify auth description (#10)
bigkevmcd/tekton-polling-operator: README.md

    key: token
```

> This will fetch the secret, and get the value in `token` and use that to authenticate the API call to GitHub. The secret may contain multiple values. For example: 

Reviewer: I think we could maybe clarify that the `key` is looked up in the data for the `Secret` what do you think?

Author: Yes. Please make the required changes.

Author: Should I remove the example?

Reviewer: I think the example is useful, I used `token` which was the default, which didn't clarify it, so adding another example should hopefully make it easier :-)

> This will fetch the secret, and get the value in `token` and use that to authenticate the API call to GitHub. The secret may contain multiple values. For example: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will fetch the secret, and get the value in `token` and use that to authenticate the API call to GitHub. The secret may contain multiple values and you can configure which key within the `Secret` by setting the `key` field in the `spec.auth` configuration, this defaults to `token`.
```

```yaml

> piVersion: v1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
apiVersion: v1
```

Author: Sorry, I didn't notice I made a copy typo
